= ec2-select

A little command line script to switch between multiple EC2 profiles.

== Install

Setup gemcutter as a source (http://gemcutter.org) and:

  $ gem install ec2select

== Usage

Add this line to your ~/.profile (or ~/.bashrc) or whatever

  source ~/.ec2-select

Then run the command:

  $ ec2-select [profile]

Where profile is the name of the EC2 profile you want to use.  If
you run ec2-select without any arguments, the current profile is returned.

You can set and environment EC2_PEMFILES to whatever you want.  This should
be the path where you are going to store all your private key and cert files.

The command writes a file ~/.ec2-select with the paths to the appropiate pem key
and cert.


== Profiles

Profiles are defined by the names of your private key and cert from Amazon.  
Each has to be named consistently.  For example:

  $EC2_PEMFILES/floog-pk.pem
  $EC2_PEMFILES/floog-cert.pem

Would set EC2_PRIVATE_KEY to floog-pk.pem and EC2_CERT to floog-cert.pem when you run
the following:

  $ ec2-select floog

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Brian Kaney. See LICENSE for details.
